# CS_289_Project_T_Team_CCMJ

This project aims to introduce the students to polynomial regression. In this project, students will 
* create their own polynomial features by lifting and perform polynomial regression on various data sets,
* observe and understand overfitting and underfitting in the context of different degrees of polynomials, 
* be introduced to the kernel trick and how it improves computation speed for higher-order polynomials. 

This assignment is designed to be completed in week 4 of EECS 16ML. We assumed that the students have ample understanding of linear regression and have tried running or implementing it, as it is assigned in week 2 of the class. We also assumed that the students know the basics of kernels as it is also introduced in week 4. However, students need not be super familiar with kernels to complete this assignment. We also made a conceptual review in our teaching note to consolidate their understanding. The goal is that after the assignmnet, students will not only be familar with kernels conceptually, but also have the experience of working with kernels themselves. Even though cross-validation and bias-variance tradeoff are also introduced in week 2, we are not confident that they will be covered in depth due to the packed schedule of week 2. Therefore, we did **not** assume that the students know cross-validation and bias-variance tradeoff already and added respective sections in our teaching note to introduce to them these topics and to make sure that they fully understand those topic after completing this assignment. 

The notebook **Polynomial regression assignment.ipynb** in the **Assignment** folder contains the coding assignment. **Assignment instructions.pdf** in the same folder contains background information regarding the assignment and the data sets that you may find useful. The other files in the **Assignment** folder contains the data sets that you will use. Please download them along **Polynomial regression assignment.ipynb** but you wouldn't need to make any modifications to them. The solution to this assignment can be found in the **Solution** folder. 
